What on earth are you going to say to me?
Tang Wa, seeing what I look like now,
You must be very happy, I didn’t think so,
Although we don't have a good relationship, we don't need you to pay attention to this matter.
What's the point of the Sword Man's fortune? If you hadn't counted the people in the same group,
Will you become what you are now?
Happy, if it is too much,
You are also looking for someone now,
If it weren't for the sake of venting.
Are you going to use these Xia Shan'an methods to deal with me?
If it was really done by Guolian, what kind of international payment would you give?
You don't cut out the twists and turns of the links.
He rewarded all the surveillance evidence
What should I sue him for?
An intentional person is an ordinary person
He can't do this
Do you know what kind of person he is?
You know what he has
It seems we didn't charge you with this
no matter what kind of person
You don't know best
or something
Which gorilla is right?
What do you know and don't know
It's your obedience